 I want to create a new LandGraph project in TypeScript, which will run as a Next.js project with WebSockets giving live updates to developers. Essentially, the project is going to be an AI-first development tool that will receive a JIRA ticket as input or specifications and acceptance criteria, potentially Figma designs and of course a set of guidelines and references in regards to the architecture of the projects that the agent is going to change, the test approach, our git and commit strategy, our architecture, the React components that we use, non-functional requirements, the definition of ready and definition of done. Then a set of agents orchestrated by a central agent will take over the responsibility of the business analysis. There will be another agent that will create a test report and will give recommendations for automation. These tests or whatever can be automated on an integration and end-to-end level will be fed to the developer. The developer then will proceed with the implementation based on the business analysis, the Figma designs, the acceptance criteria and the test reports. And then in parallel the test analyst will carry on with producing a report for the testers, for humans to perform specific tests when everything is completed. At the end, everything should be tested potentially using a Playwright CLI and everything should work. And at the end, a report will be generated of what was completed by every agent. If there are changes in the pipelines, there should be also a DevOps agent. And of course, a commit should be created against the specific Jira. We want to package everything so that everyone can use it using npx, which will give them the ability to run this web server locally and potentially by using a web view on Visual Studio Code, instead of opening everything on a browser they should be able to open it from within the Visual Studio Code. They should be able to see the changes that were performed on the repo. When everything starts this tool which we are going to call Novaflow would receive first of all the Jira configuration, the GitLab configuration, Figma configuration and any other integrations. And of course it goes without saying that we are going to use ChromaDB for embeddings as a vector database. And it will also receive a set of references, as I mentioned definition of ready, definition of done, test strategy, non-factual requirements and aspects that should be taken into consideration, for example observability, accessibility and so on so forth, coding conventions, tools and components, architecture, git strategy, and so on and so forth. And then based on those it should be build a knowledge and an understanding of the project and every time it understands more about the projects it will store things into the memory restore essentially the ChromaDB. If there are data which are ephemeral, for example the understanding of a Jira, we don't necessarily install them on this VectorDB. We can very easily use an in-memory solution within LangGraph